-----------intCheck-----------
1 integer
1 integer
1 integer
0 integer
intCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type int, string given
intCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type int, array given
intCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type int, null given

-----------floatCheck-----------
1 double
1.1 double
1 double
0 double
floatCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type float, string given
floatCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type float, array given
floatCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type float, null given

-----------boolCheck-----------
1 boolean
1 boolean
1 boolean
 boolean
1 boolean
boolCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type bool, array given
boolCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type bool, null given

-----------stringCheck-----------
1 string
1.1 string
1 string
 string
string string
stringCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type string, array given
stringCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type string, null given

-----------arrayCheck-----------
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, int given
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, float given
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, bool given
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, bool given
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, string given
Array array
arrayCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type array, null given

-----------objectCheck-----------
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, int given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, float given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, bool given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, bool given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, string given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, array given
objectCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type object, null given

-----------callableCheck-----------
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, int given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, float given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, bool given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, bool given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, string given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, array given
callableCheck(): Argument #1 ($var) must be of type callable, null given